QUESTION 4
A technician is tasked with installing additional RAM in a desktop computer. Which of the following types of RAM
is MOST likely to be used?
A. SODIMM
B. DDR3
C. ECC
D. VRAM
QUESTION 5
Vertical streaks are appearing on the output of a laser printer. Which of the following items is the MOST likely
cause?
A. Roller
B. Drum
C. Transfer belt
D. Ribbon
QUESTION 6
A user is trying to play a DVD on a projector. The user can hear the audio; however, the projector is showing
an error message that states HDMI Blocked due to Copy Protection
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the error?
A. The HDMI cannot carry the signal from the DVD to the projector.
B. The user needs to switch from HDMI to a cable standard such as DisplayPort.
C. The projector does not support the necessary HDCP protocol.
D. The user needs to enable cony-protected sources in the projector's settings.
QUESTION 7
While implementing a non-carrier-grade wireless backhaul, a technician notices the current channel selection is
extremely polluted with various RF signals. Upon performing a spectral analysis, the technician discovers a
channel containing almost no RF pollution. Unfortunately, the technician is unable to select that channel.
Which of the following is the MOST likely reason for this issue?
A. The channel is reserved for licensed band use.
B. The channel selection is defective; contact the manufacturer.
C. The channel must be unlocked by the vendor.
D. The device requires a firmware update to unlock the channel.
QUESTION 8
A user submitted a support ticket that states all of the printouts from a laser printer appear to have double
images imposed on them. A review of past printer support tickets shows that a maintenance kit has not been
installed in more than a year. Which of the following printer consumables is MOST likely causing the issue?
A. Separation pad
B. Transfer roller
C. Ink cartridge
D. Fuser
QUESTION 9
A technician is configuring a workstation to be used as a VM host. After installing the necessary software, the
technician is unable to create any VMs. Which of the following actions should be performed?
A. Disable the BIOS password.
B. Enable TPM.
C. Enable multithreading.
D. Enable Fast Startup.
QUESTION 10
A user's computer is not receiving a network connection. The technician confirms that the connection seems to
be down and looks for the user's port on the patch panel. The port and patch panel are not labeled. Which of the
following network tools should the technician use to identify the port?
A. Network tap
B. Punchdown tool
C. Toner probe
D. Crimper
QUESTION 11
A user, who is attempting to give a presentation via a projector in a conference room, reports that the projector
has video but no audio. Which of the following will
MOST likely resolve the issue?
A. Changing the input on the projector to VGA
B. Changing the output on the PC to DVI
C. Modifying the projector's refresh rate
D. Utilizing an HDMI connection
QUESTION 12
A customer reports that a computer is never able to reach more than a 100Mbps transfer data rate, even when
using a Gigabit LAN card. While troubleshooting, the technician notices the network cable needs to be replaced.
Which of the following cable categories is limiting the transfer speed?
A. Cat 5
B. Cat 5e
C. Cat 6
D. Cat 6a
QUESTION 13
While using a popular videoconferencing program, the user selects a webcam, but the software is unable to
open the webcam. The webcam was working the previous day. Which of the following should be done to
address this issue?
A. Close other video software and retry.
B. Adjust the conference software to a compatible resolution.
C. Switch the video from the webcam to conference mode.
D. Reseat or replace the webcam.
QUESTION 14
A user failed to gain access to a building's entrance after security measures at the entrance were upgraded last
week. The company implemented the 13.56MHz frequency short band, and users can now utilize their mobile
devices to authenticate. Which of the following has to be enabled for the mobile device to authenticate?
A. Bluetooth
B. Biometrics
C. NFC
D. PIN
QUESTION 15
Which of the following standards supports MIMO technology?
A. 802.11a
B. 802.11b
C. 802.11g
D. 802.11n
QUESTION 16
A technician powers on a PC and its monitor and sees the following error message
No input signal detected -
The display lights on the computer are on. Which of the following is a possible solution?
A. Changing the BIOS settings
B. Changing the connector setting on the monitor
C. Checking the power plug on the monitor
D. Checking the power plug on the PC
QUESTION 17
Which of the following components enables the input on a mobile device's touch screen?
A. OLED
B. Digitizer
C. Inverter
D. CMOS sensor
QUESTION 18
A technician unboxed a new computer, plugged it in to a UPS, and connected the requested peripherals. The
computer lights and fans turn on, but the technician hears three loud, consecutive beeps during boot. Which of
the following actions will remediate the issue?
A. Replacing the power supply
B. Replacing the UPS
C. Changing the CMOS battery
D. Reseating the RAM
QUESTION 19
An IT manager discovered that hundreds of pages of printed materials are being recycled each day because the
materials are left on the printer tray instead of being picked up by users. Which of the following would BEST
prevent this waste?
A. Send friendly reminders to not print unnecessarily.
B. Enable duplex printing to reduce paper utilization.
C. Bill each department for the excess material cost.
D. Require a code or badge before releasing a print job.
QUESTION 20
An online retailer wants to save money and is considering migrating to the public cloud so capacity can be
added during the peak shopping season and automatically removed when the peak is over. Which of the
following BEST describes this aspect of cloud computing?
A. Rapid elasticity
B. Metered utilization
C. Shared resources
D. High availability
QUESTION 21
A technician is receiving reports that the entire office sporadically loses network connectivity throughout the day.
The technician determines the root cause to be
EMI. Which of the following cable mediums would be the MOST cost effective without sacrificing system
performance?
A. Coaxial
B. Shielded Cat 6
C. Plenum Cat 5e
D. Multimode fiber
QUESTION 22
An organization maintains various record types, including health and criminal justice records. Which of the
following cloud environments is the organization MOST likely to use to limit the attack surface?
A. Public
B. Hybrid
C. Community
D. Private
QUESTION 23
Which of the following describes metered utilization of cloud resources?
A. Resources provisioned instantly
B. Payments made only for resources that are used
C. Resources pooled to increase computing power
D. Implementation of rapid elasticity
QUESTION 24
A user on a SOHO network is unable to watch online videos, even at 240 pixels. The technician runs ipconfig
from the user's computer and records the following
Connection-specific DNS Suffix . lan
Link-local IPV6 Address......... fe80 1585 7fb2 b05f 7102%12
IPv4 Address.................... 192.168.1.131
Subnet Mask..................... 255.255.255.0
Default Gateway................. 192.168.1.1
The technician then connects a test laptop to the router via the user's Cat 5 cable and records the following
information
Download 85 mbps -
Upload 22 mbps -
Ping 28 ms -
Which of the following is MOST likely causing the user's issue?
A. Incorrect IP address
B. Faulty NIC
C. Misconfigured default gateway
D. Bad network cable
QUESTION 25
A colleague has a laptop that has been working as expected for several years, but the laptop now has a small
bulge in the bottom casing and overheats occasionally while plugged in to a wall outlet. The MOST likely
component that needs to be replaced is the
A. power adapter.
B. battery.
C. system fan.
D. hard drive.
QUESTION 26
A company just bought a printer capable of automatically printing on both sides of the paper. After installation,
however, the technician can only print on both sides of the paper manually. Which of the following should the
technician do to fix the issue?
A. Install the most recent firmware upgrade available for the printer.
B. Contact the vendor for a hardware replacement.
C. Reinstall the printer software and drivers, and then restart the printer.
D. Read the installation manual and configure duplex settings.
QUESTION 27
A small office has a wireless network with several access points for roaming laptop use. Users occasionally
report that the wireless connection drops or becomes very slow. Users have confirmed that this issue only
happens when connected to the office wireless network. Which of the following would MOST likely be the
cause?
A. Hidden SSID
B. Device interference
C. Ethernet port flapping
D. High ISP latency
QUESTION 28
Which of the following cloud models maintains access, even when a local internet outage occurs?
A. Private
B. SaaS
C. Community
D. Public
QUESTION 29
A user is researching hard drives to upgrade a PC and has decided to purchase a NVMe drive. Which of the
following should the user confirm are available on the
PC before making the purchase? (Choose two.)
A. SATA
B. M.2
C. PCIe.
D. SAS
E. SCSI
F. DRAM
QUESTION 30
A laptop has been returned for a screen repair. The owner insists the screen is broken, but occasionally a faded
image is able to be seen in very bright settings on the desktop. Which of the following steps should the repair
technician take FIRST?
A. Replace the graphics card.
B. Replace the screen, as the customer insists.
C. Recommend the usage of an external display instead.
D. Ensure the backlight is functioning as expected.
QUESTION 31
A laptop PC user is reporting issues with the hard drive. A filesystem check shows that all files are accessible
and the filesystem is clean. After the check, the PC still issues a hard drive error message. Which of the
following is the MOST likely cause of the error?
A. S.M.A.R.T failure
B. IOPS failure
C. DIMM failure
D. RAID failure
QUESTION 32
A user reboots a machine. On rebooting, the user hears one beep, and then an error message is displayed.
Which of the following are MOST likely causing this issue? (Choose two.
A. RAM module
B. Graphics card
C. CPU
D. Boot order
E. USB flash drive
F. Power supply
QUESTION 33
A salesperson is using a weather application on a mobile device. The application appears to be draining the
device's battery very quickly. Which of the following is the BEST action for the salesperson to take in order to
view weather forecasts while travelling?
A. Enable the GPS service to ensure accurate location detection.
B. Manually enter office locations in the weather application.
C. Configure less frequent location checks using cellular location services.
D. Use the offices' Wi-Fi IP addresses as the geolocation mechanism.
QUESTION 34
A technician replaced a motherboard on a server, and now the 64-bit hypervisor is not loading correctly. Which
of the following needs to be enabled for the hypervisor to run?
A. Hardware prefetcher
B. Hyperthreading
C. vPro
D. VT-d
QUESTION 35
A user's mobile phone gets really hot to the touch and does not retain a charge. The user also reports that the
phone is very slow, especially while charging.
Which of the following is MOST likely causing these symptoms?
A. Broken charging port
B. Digitizer failure
C. CPU overheating
D. Defective battery
QUESTION 36
A Microsoft Windows user is preparing to work in another country and needs to comply with corporate policy for
data protection when copying files to portable media. Which of the following solutions would MOST likely satisfy
this requirement?
A. A USB 3.1 flash drive with BitLocker to Go installed
B. An SD memory card with NTFS
C. An xD memory card with ext3
D. A portable hard drive with FAT32
QUESTION 37
Which of the following network devices is used to separate broadcast domains?
A. Switch
B. Wireless access point
C. Router
D. Hub
QUESTION 38
A user submits a help desk ticket regarding a smartphone that will no longer accept its charging cable. The
assigned technician notices the phone does not have a protective case, and the user constantly transports the
phone in a pocket. The technician attempts to use a secondary charger, but the cable falls out of the phone.
Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?
A. The phone requires a firmware update to address charging issues.
B. The charge port contains foreign objects, such as lint.
C. The phone's battery has swelled, preventing the utilization of the charge port.
D. The phone has experienced water damage, thus the battery is not charging.
QUESTION 39
A network administrator was notified that laptop users are unable to access or ping any network resources on
the corporate network. Which of the following should the network administrator check FIRST?
A. DHCP
B. AAA
C. DNS
D. ARP
QUESTION 40
A user in a medical office contacts a technician regarding a printer that is used to print A4-sized labels. After the
labels are printed, they mistakenly contain white space in the middle of the page. Which of the following would
MOST likely be the cause?
A. Contaminated fuser
B. Worn rollers
C. A misfeed
D. Page orientation
QUESTION 41
Upon booting a workstation, a technician hears a distinct clicking sound after power is applied to the
motherboard. Which of the following would MOST likely be the cause?
A. RAID
B. SSD
C. S.M.A.R.T
D. HDD
QUESTION 42
A technician identified an issue on a workstation, obtained details from the user, and made a backup of the
system. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT?
A. Determine the next steps to resolve the issue and document it.
B. Design a plan of action to resolve the issue and implement the solution.
C. Document the findings, actions, and outcomes.
D. Establish a theory of probable cause, researching internally or externally as needed.
QUESTION 43
An organization has some computers running macOS and some computers running Windows. The computers
running macOS also need to run a piece of software that is only available on Windows. Which of the following
BEST describes the solution for running Windows software on a computer running macOS?
A. Operating system spoofing
B. Remote software provisioning
C. Indirect software implementation
D. Cross-platform virtualization
QUESTION 44
A field technician has been dispatched to a site with an internet outage. Upon arriving, the technician discovers
that the POTS lines are not working as well. Which of the following technologies is the site MOST likely using?
A. Fiber
B. Cable
C. DSL
D. Satellite
QUESTION 45
An online retailer would like to add capacity to support increased sales. Additional servers have been installed.
Which of the following should be used to ensure each new server is being properly utilized?
A. Virtualization
B. Clustering
C. Load balancer
D. Round-robin DNS
QUESTION 46
A user contacts the help desk in reference to a failing thumbprint scanner. The user states the scanner was
functioning correctly yesterday. Which of the following troubleshooting steps should be performed FIRST after
the ticket has been filed?
A. Inquire about possible changes.
B. File a damage report.
C. Requisition a new scanner.
D. Attempt to clean the scanner.
QUESTION 47
A company wants to use client-side virtualization for application testing. Which of the following configurations
would BEST support this goal?
A. CPU 2.5GHz - 4 cores 16GB DDR4 RAM 1TB SSD
B. CPU 3.2GHz - 1 core 16GB DDR4 RAM 4TB SSD
C. CPU 2.5GHz - 2 cores 16GB DDR4 RAM 4x 1TB HDD RAID 5
D. CPU 3.2GHz - 4 cores 8GB DDR4 RAM 500GB HDD
QUESTION 48
A user submitted a ticket to report an issue with a new printer that is no longer accepting new print jobs. The
technician verifies the printer is on and notices the printer LCD screen has the following error message
Paper Jam, Jam in Fuser.
Which of the following is the MOST efficient next step the technician should complete?
A. Apply a maintenance kit to the printer.
B. Check the printer paper path to locate any obstructions.
C. Turn the printer on and off to see if the error clears.
D. Replace the fuser.
QUESTION 49
Which of the following is a valid use for PaaS?
A. Off-site backups
B. An application development environment
C. A virtual server installation and configuration model
D. A web application for asset management
QUESTION 50
A company has a dot matrix printer that uses carbon paper. The company reports that the first page is printing
too light, although the following pages are still legible. Which of the following MOST likely needs to be fixed?
A. The print drum is worn and loose, causing the printing to be light in places.
B. The ribbon is low on ink or missing and must be replaced to get proper output.
C. The heating element has failed, and a new one needs to be installed for proper transfer.
D. The wrong type of filament is loaded, preventing it from sticking correctly.
E. The fuser assembly is not calibrated properly, causing it to impact the paper too hard.
QUESTION 51
The IT department at an insurance brokerage needs to acquire laptops that have built-in fingerprint readers in
order to create a more secure environment. Which of the following would be the MOST secure way to implement
the fingerprint readers?
A. Grant all registered employees access to each machine.
B. Restrict device access to only the user to whom the laptop is assigned.
C. Limit device access to departments and guest users.
D. Give each team member a USB drive that bypasses the reader to allow guest users to log in.
QUESTION 52
A technician receives several error alerts on a server after an unexpected reboot. A message states that one or
more disks are in a degraded state. When the technician advances to the next error message, it indicates the
OS is missing. Which of the following are the MOST likely causes of these errors? (Choose two.)
A. Missing drives in the OS
B. RAID failure
C. Bootable device not found
D. Data loss
E. Controller failure
F. CMOS corruption
G. TPM malfunction
QUESTION 53
A technician is commissioning a workstation that is required to have mirrored storage, utilizing two 4TB drives
that support one failure. Which of the following
BEST meets these requirements?
A. RAID 0
B. RAID 1
C. RAID 5
D. RAID 10
QUESTION 54
A laptop's external webcam software is running, but it shows no image or video. Which of the following should a
technician perform FIRST?
A. Research new webcam firmware.
B. Restart the computer and run system diagnostics.
C. Reseat the webcam.
D. Reinstall the webcam software and drivers.
QUESTION 55
An engineer is experiencing unexpected reboots on a graphics workstation when rendering complex 3-D
models. The workstation is configured with a 115V power supply that is rated at 200W and connected to a UPS.
The central processing unit contains 16 hyperthreaded cores, and a discrete graphics solution utilizing an 8- pin
power connector is installed in a PCI Express x16 slot. Which of the following indicates where the technician
should begin troubleshooting?
A. The UPS, as 115V is insufficient for the configuration and should be increased to 220V
B. The power supply, as 200W is insufficient when the GPU is heavily tasked
C. The graphics card, as it is the component that triggers the unexpected reboots
D. The motherboard, as only standard PCI slots should be used for high-end graphics cards, not PCI Express
Slots
QUESTION 56
Which of the following technologies can allow multiple networks to traverse a switch?
A. VLAN
B. VRRP
C. VPN
D. DHCP
QUESTION 57
An end user reports that the time and date on a desktop resets after shutdown, and subsequently, the device
reboots. The next day, the desktop does not load the
OS and is stuck at a black screen with the following message
Date/Time Not Set -
Press F1 to Run Setup -
Which of the following would be the BEST action to take next?
A. Change the motherboard.
B. Reseat the motherboard power connections.
C. Replace the CMOS battery.
D. Restore the BIOS to factory default settings.
QUESTION 58
A user reports that a PC occasionally fails to boot. The user reboots the PC, but the performance is degrading.
The technician hears a strange, repetitive, ticking noise coming from the PC. Which of the following should the
technician do FIRST?
A. Try to extract data.
B. Reseat the RAM modules.
C. Inspect the fan.
D. Check the CD tray.
QUESTION 59
A technician is upgrading a faulty motherboard that was ordered by an end user for an old, high-end desktop
computer. However, the technician is unable to install the CPU into the socket. Upon closer inspection, the
technician notices the pins on the CPU do not line up with the socket. Which of the following would be the best
course of action for the technician to take NEXT?
A. Try to set as many pins as possible.
B. Install an adaptor to create a universal socket.
C. Verity the socket type and manufacturer.
D. Find a compatible motherboard for the CPU.
QUESTION 60
A remote user reports connectivity issues with the local internet provider. Even after a technician reboots the
modem supplied by the ISP, the issue persists.
Which of the following would BEST establish the connection in minimal time?
A. Radio frequency ISP
B. Neighbor's WI-FI
C. Mobile hotspot
D. Fiber optic
QUESTION 61
A company wants to give third-party developers access to the corporate network through desktop environments
that the company can control. Which of the following can BEST achieve these requirements?
A. Sandbox
B. VDI
C. Private cloud
D. SaaS
QUESTION 62
A technician needs to fix a Cat 5 cable issue. The cable, which is connected to a network jack, fails when it is
moved around. Which of the following items must the technician use to fix the issue? (Choose two.)
A. Scissors
B. Network tap
C. Magnetized screwdriver
D. Tone generator
E. RJ45 connector
F. Crimper
QUESTION 63
A user acquired a new workstation and is attempting to open multiple large Excel files simultaneously. The user
is not experiencing the expected performance when executing such large requests. Which of the following
should a technician do FIRST?
A. Increase the swap partition.
B. Upgrade the CPU in the workstation.
C. Upgrade the power supply in the workstation.
D. Upgrade the RAM in the workstation.
QUESTION 64
Which of the following utilizes TCP ports 20/21 and transfers data in cleartext?
A. SNMP
B. SSH
C. FTP
D. Telnet
QUESTION 65
An organization is looking to upgrade the processing ability for its computers. Most users report that whenever
multiple applications are being utilized, the system's response time slows down drastically. When only one
application is open, the response time is acceptable. Which of the following should be upgraded
FIRST?
A. SSD
B. CPU
C. HDD
D. RAM
QUESTION 66
Client-side virtualization guest machines have security requirements similar to physical machines, but they also
need to ensure separation from other guest machines. Which of the following BEST describes this client-side
guest security requirement?
A. Isolation
B. Authentication
C. Hardening
D. Authorization
QUESTION 67
A user connects a smartphone to a laptop. Which of the following types of networks has the user created?
A. PAN
B. MAN
C. WLAN
D. LAN
QUESTION 68
Recently, an organization received a number of spam emails that passed through the spam gateway.
These emails contained generally the same information, but the sending domains were different. Which of the
following solutions would BEST help mitigate the issue?
A. Updating the keyword filtering
B. Editing the sender policy framework
C. Contacting the gateway vendor
D. Verifying DMARC is enabled
QUESTION 69
Which of the following would an administrator use to migrate virtual machines from on premises to the cloud?
A. laaS
B. SaaS
C. DBaaS
D. DraaS
QUESTION 70
A user reports issues with a smartphone after dropping it. The icons on the screen all look normal, but when the
user touches the email icon, for example, nothing happens. Which of the following is MOST likely the cause?
A. Digitizer issues
B. Overheating
C. Broken screen
D. Malware
QUESTION 71
A technician needs to improve a workstation's overall response time for frequently used applications and data
without removing the current hard drive. Which of the following storage devices should the technician install to
BEST accomplish the objective?
A. M.2
B. SAS
C. HDD
D. SCSI
QUESTION 72
A technician goes to a classroom to troubleshoot a projector that occasionally powers off. The technician
recreates the issue and notices the projector will not power back on until approximately 15 minutes have
passed. After 15 minutes of being powered on. the projector shuts off again. Which of the following should the
technician perform NEXT to resolve the issue?
A. Clean the filter.
B. Adjust the standby timeout.
C. Check the power cable connection.
D. Replace the bulb.
QUESTION 73
Which of the following BEST describes the main function of a web server?
A. Storing files and controlling user access
B. Setting up personal mailboxes and calendars
C. Providing IP addresses and printing services
D. Hosting home pages and business portals
QUESTION 74
An administrator is configuring a corporate-owned smartphone for a new manager. The company requires the
ability to wipe the phone's data remotely in the event of loss or theft and the capability to approve applications
installed on the phone. Which of the following tools would BEST meet this need?
A. Tethering to a corporate-owned laptop
B. WPA2-Enterpise wireless
C. Corporate enterprise email
D. Mobile device management
QUESTION 75
A user brings an older laptop to the help desk and reports issues with the keyboard. Upon inspection, the
technician does not see any external damage but notices that many keystrokes da not register in a word
processor. The laptop works fine when the technician tests it with an external keyboard. Which of the following
actions would MOST likely resolve the issue?
A. Disable the sticky keys feature.
B. Clean the keyboard.
C. Reset the BIOS settings to default.
D. Charge the laptop.
QUESTION 76
A technician needs to add storage to a workstation. The workstation does not have room to add any internal
storage, so the technician plans to add an external storage device. Which of the following connection types
should the technician MOST likely use?
A. SCSI
B. eSATA
C. PCIe
D. NVMe
QUESTION 77
A developer is requesting permission to utilize client-side visualization. The developer would like to write code in
a setting isolated from other infrastructure to avoid negative impacts of experimental code. Which of the
following provides the BEST solution for the developer?
A. Cross-platform functionality
B. Software compatibility
C. Test case development
D. Sandbox environment
QUESTION 78
A user takes a tablet to a technician because the cursor on it keeps drifting. The technician notices the screen
does not appear to be damaged. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause of the cursor issue?
A. The screen is physically damaged.
B. The screen rotation is incorrect.
C. The touch-pen battery is depleted.
D. The screen needs to be recalibrated.
QUESTION 79
A colleague has a laptop that has been working as expected for several years wall outlet. The MOST likely
component that needs to be replaced is the
A. power adapter.
B. battery.
C. system fan.
D. hard drive.
QUESTION 80
An online retailer wants to save money and is considering migrating to the public cloud so peak is over. Which of
the following BEST describes this aspect of cloud computing?
A. Rapid elasticity
B. Metered utilization
C. Shared resources
D. High availability
QUESTION 81
A technician is setting up a device to use two-factor authentication. Which of the following meets this
requirement?
A. Thumbprint/retinal scan
B. Password/password
C. Password/thumbprint
D. Password/PIN
QUESTION 82
A user reports that a PC occasionally falls to boot. The user reboots the PC. but the performance is degrading.
The technician hears a strange, repetitive, ticking noise coming from the PC. Which of the following should the
technician do FIRST?
A. Try to extract data.
B. Reseat the RAM modules.
C. Inspect the fan.
D. Check the CD tray.
QUESTION 83
A technician needs to recommend an internet connection for a customer who travels around the world and
wants to have connectivity while visiting remote camping locations. Some of the locations the customer visits
have limited or unreliable cellular service. Which of the following connection types should the technician
recommend?
A. Satellite
B. DSL
C. Fiber
D. Hotspot
QUESTION 84
A startup is looking to immediately expand its data center but does not have the personnel or space to manage
everything internally. The organization has multiple small offices and remote users with large computational and
storage-solution requirements. Funding is not an issue for the company. Which of the following can
BEST accomplish the company's goals?
A. SaaS
B. IaaS
C. ISP
D. SDN
QUESTION 85
A user acquired a new workstation and is attempting to open multiple large Excel files simultaneously. The user
is not experiencing the expected performance when executing such large requests. Which of the following
should a technician do FIRST?
A. Increase the swap partition.
B. Upgrade the CPU in the workstation.
C. Upgrade the power supply in the workstation.
D. Upgrade the RAM in the workstation.
QUESTION 86
A technician is preparing to set up a gaming computer with the following components
-> Discrete, high-end graphics card
-> Video capture card
-> High-end processor
-> Multiple hard drives
-> USB 3.0 hub
-> Sound card
Which of the following options is the MOST important for the technician to consider before building the gaming
computer?
A. Redundant power supply
B. Modular power supply
C. 20-pin vs. 24-pin power adapter
D. Power supply wattage rating
QUESTION 87
Which of the following 802.11 standards supports both 5GHz and 2.4GHz channel frequencies?
A. 802.11a
B. 802.11ac
C. 802.11b
D. 802.11g
QUESTION 88
A technician is setting up a device to use two-factor authentication. Which of the following meets this
requirement?
A. Thumbprint/retinal scan
B. Password/password
C. Password/thumbprint
D. Password/PIN
QUESTION 89
A user creates a support ticket to report a conference room projector that does not work. The user says that
even though the provided cables are being used, the projector screen shows the following error message
No Signal Input -
Which of the following describes the FIRST action that should be taken?
A. Verify that the projector is turned on.
B. Verify that the user is using an approved OS.
C. Replace the projector bulb.
D. Check the video cable and replace it if necessary.
QUESTION 90
A user requested upgrades to a company-issued laptop to increase its performance while working with a large
database stored on drive C Which of the following tasks should a systems administrator complete to BEST
meet this goal? (Choose two.
A. Configure RAID 1.
B. Install a hybrid drive.
C. Upgrade to 1GB NIC.
D. Increase the RAM.
E. Migrate to a SSD.
F. Upgrade the power supply.
QUESTION 91
A Wi-Fi mesh network has been optimized to eliminate poor coverage areas, yet users still experience
decreased bandwidth and connectivity issues. Which of the following actions should the technician take NEXT?
A. Relocate any large, dense, solid, and metal objects, such as mirrors and file cabinets, in the mesh network
coverage area to the perimeter so that wireless reflections, absorptions, and occlusions are minimized.
B. Use a Wi-Fi analyzer to determine whether the channel in use is overcrowded and to identify which channel
the mesh network should use for best performance.
C. Use the signal strength indicator on a mobile device to roam the coverage area and generate a heat map to
isolate zones with weak signals.
D. Turn off broadcasting of the SSID on the mesh network so that other networks cannot see it.
QUESTION 92
Which of the following BEST describes the main function of a web server?
A. Storing files and controlling user access
B. Setting up personal mailboxes and calendars
C. Providing IP addresses and printing services
D. Hosting home pages and business portals
QUESTION 93
A technician made several upgrades to a computer and then determined the power supplied by the PSU is
insufficient. Which of the following would MOST likely cause the insufficiency? (Choose two.)
A. Replacing the HDD with an SSD
B. Upgrading the firmware
C. Adding an optical drive
D. Adding more RAM
E. Adding a CMOS battery
F. Upgrading the graphics card
QUESTION 94
A technical lead wants to migrate all common business applications, including email and fileshares, to the cloud.
Which of the following cloud concepts should be used?
A. MaaS
B. PaaS
C. SaaS
D. IaaS
QUESTION 95
A user entered a help desk ticket stating the latest calendar updates have not appeared on the user's corporate
mobile device for several days, even though updates do appear on the user's laptop. Which of the following
actions will MOST likely enable calendar alerts?
A. Checking that the ringer volume on the device is high enough to be audible
B. Ensuring the corporate password is saved correctly in the calendar application
C. Installing a third-party calendar application and synchronizing it with the corporate calendar
D. Remotely wiping the mobile device and reinstalling all applications
QUESTION 96
A hardware technician is configuring a laptop, and the network administrator requires the network settings to be
static. The technician successfully pings the servers by IP address but cannot ping the UNC path. Which of the
following is the cause of this issue?
A. Domain Name System
B. Gateway
C. Subnet
D. IP address
QUESTION 97
A technician is troubleshooting an old desktop system that randomly shows a Windows BSOD or powers off
unexpectedly. All system temperatures are within normal limits. Which of the following should the technician do
NEXT?
A. Visually inspect the motherboard capacitors.
B. Verify all case fans are operational.
C. Check that the BIOS version supports the installed CPU.
D. Compare the software requirements with the installed RAM.
QUESTION 98
A technician is diagnosing a workstation that shuts down unexpectedly during a burn-in test. Which of the following is
the MOST likely cause for this symptom?
A. Faulty CMOS battery
B. OS update issue
C. Overheating
D. Faulty RAM
QUESTION 99
A customer is using a satellite internet connection that is experiencing slowness. A technician notices high latency
while pinging, but the download test is performing perfectly with very good download speeds. Which of the following
represents the NEXT action the technician should perform?
A. Restart the modem and run an online internet connection and speed diagnostic tool.
B. Guide the customer on how to upgrade the internet plan with the provider in order to improve latency
C. Explain to the customer this is not an issue; this situation is normal for this type of internet connection.
D. Replace the modem because it is not working correctly based on the test result.
QUESTION 100
A technician is preparing to set up a gaming computer with the following components:
-> Discrete, high-end graphics card
-> Video capture card
-> High-end processor
-> Multiple hard drives
-> USB 3.0 hub
-> Sound card
Which of the following options is the MOST important for the technician to consider before building the gaming
computer?
A. Redundant power supply
B. Modular power supply
C. 20-pin vs. 24-pin power adapter
D. Power supply wattage rating
QUESTION 101
A technician has set up a new conference room with a TV and a video soundbar. The technician wants to test the
system with a conference call. During the test, the TV speaker produces sound, but the soundbar does not. Which of
the following is the MOST likely cause of the issue?
A. The volume on the TV needs to be turned up.
B. The conference call needs to be unmuted for audio.
C. An incorrect HDMI cable is being used.
D. The TV's HDMI-ARC port is not being used.
QUESTION 102
A help desk technician has been tasked with installing an IP phone in a small office with an unmanaged switch.
When connected to an RJ45 receptacle, the phone does not boot. Which of the following is the QUICKEST way to
resolve this issue?
A. Upgrade the Ethernet cable to the latest specification.
B. Replace the phone.
C. Install a PoE injector.
D. Change ports on the switch.
QUESTION 103
Which of the following allows all VMs in a virtual environment to have RAM allocated for use?
A. Measured service
B. Containerization
C. Synchronization
D. Resource pooling
QUESTION 104
A technician is troubleshooting intermittent fuzzy video on a computer using a VGA to DisplayPort adapter to connect
to a monitor. The monitor with a VGA connector was previously working fine for another user. The technician
replaces the adapter; however, the issue persists. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT?
A. Use another brand of VGA to DisplayPort adapter.
B. Research the issue further and formulate a new hypothesis to test.
C. Ask the user additional clarifying QUESTIONs regarding the issue.
D. Document the action taken and the outcome.
QUESTION 105
Which of the following should the data center hardware technician implement to ensure maximum uptime
for customers' virtual machines?
A. Line conditioner
B. AC voltage regulator
C. Uninterruptible power supply
D. Cloud storage backup
QUESTION 106
A user reports that printed receipts have black smudges over the entire image. The text is still present but
is very dark and sometimes illegible. Which of the
following are the MOST likely cause and solution for the printer issue?
A. The ribbon is jammed and is rubbing on the pape.Clear the bad ribbon
and feed it through properly.
B. The printhead is too hot. Adjust the temperature down and retry printing.
C. The printer is loaded with the wrong type of paper.Replace the receipt
paper with carbon paper.
D. The blue ink cartridge was loaded with black ink.Put in the correct ink and
clean the printhead.
QUESTION 107
A small ISP has hired a new technician Joe, the new technician, is being trained to configure customers*
home networks The trailing instructor gives me technician
a starter kit with cables, cable ends, and other network equipment and asks mm to build a working
network.
The computer should be connected to have internet connectivity and the phone should be connected to
have a dial tone.
INSTRUCTIONS
Use the appropriate cables. cable ends, tools and equipment to configure the network ana connect an
components accordingly
There are 3 steps and the simulation starts on step 1.
A. Mastered
B. Not Mastered
Explanation: A picture containing text, screenshot, indoor Description automatically generated
Diagram Description automatically generated with medium confidence
QUESTION 108
A technician is upgrading a legacy wireless router for a home user. After installing the new router
and configuring the SSID to be the same, none of the devices will connect to the network. Which of
the following should the technician check NEXT?
A. HCP pool configuration
B. MAC filtering list
C. Wireless protocol settings
D. ONS servers
QUESTION 109
A technician installed a Cat 5 UTP cable approximately 275ft (84m) from a network switch in an
office to a workstation located on a factory floor The technician sees both a flashing green LED and a
flashing orange LED on the workstation's NIC. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST?
A. Check for loose connections, pinched bends, and physical damage.
B. Upgrade the entire cable run to multimode fiber.
C. Replace the entire run of Cat 5 UTP cable with Cat 5 STP cable.
D. Install a powered hub as close as possible to the halfway point in the Cat 5 UTP cable run.
QUESTION 110
A technician is upgrading a legacy wireless router for a home user. After installing the new router and
configuring the SSID to be the same, none of the devices will connect to the network. Which of the
following should the technician check NEXT?
A. OHCP pool configuration
B. MAC filtering list
C. Wireless protocol settings
D. ONS servers
QUESTION 111
Which of the following would MOST likely be used to obtain electronic images of a large number of printed
documents?
A. NFC device
B. ADF/flatbed scanner
C. Camera/webcam
D. QR scanner
QUESTION 112
Which of the following describes the main difference between T568Aand T568B cabling standards?
A. The T568B data transfer rate is higher than T568A.
B. The green and the orange cables are interchanged.
C. T568A is used in blue cables, and T568B is used in green cables.
D. The standards use different cable connectors.
QUESTION 113
A customer reports that access to the network fileshare has become much slower than usual, but local
applications do not seem to have trouble. The technician checks the download bandwidth and finds no
issues. Which of the following should the technician check NEXT?
A. Level of network utilization
B. Customer use of two-factor authentication
C. Amount of local drive space
D. RAID array drive health
QUESTION 114
A remote user called the help desk to report a notification indicating there is limited or no connectivity. The
user can access local file folders and other local machines but none of the organization’s servers or
network items. Web pages do not appear to function either. Which of the following is the MOST likely
cause of the issue?
A. The user’s internet connection is down.
B. The user’s domain account is locked out.
C. The user’s switch has stopped working.
D. The user’s IP address needs to be renewed.
QUESTION 115
A technician is setting up a new desktop computer and will be installing the hard drive directly on the
motherboard without using cables to connect it. Which of the following will the technician be installing?
A. Thunderbolt
B. eSATA
C. M.2
D. SCSI
QUESTION 116
Several users who share a multifunction printer in an office have reported unintended, thin, vertical lines
that cover the entire height of every page printed from the printer. Which of the following steps should a
technician complete in order to MOST likely resolve this issue?
A. Replace the printer paper with a new ream.
B. Clear the print spooler on each computer.
C. Reinstall the printer driver on each computer
D. Perform the drum-cleaning procedure.
QUESTION 117
A user reports that printed receipts have black smudges over the entire image. The text is still present but
is very dark and sometimes illegible. Which of the following are the MOST likely cause and solution for the
printer issue?
A. The ribbon is jammed and is rubbing on the paper. Clear the bad ribbon and feed it through properly.
B. The printhead is too hot. Adjust the temperature down and retry printing.
C. The printer is loaded with the wrong type of paper. Replace the receipt paper with carbon paper.
D. The blue ink cartridge was loaded with black ink. Put in the correct ink and clean the printhead.
QUESTION 118
Which of the following should the data center hardware technician implement to ensure maximum uptime
for customers’ virtual machines?
A. Line conditioner
B. AC voltage regulator
C. Uninterruptible power supply
D. Cloud storage backup
QUESTION 119
An end user reports that the time and date on a desktop resets after shutdown, and subsequently, the
device reboots. The next day, the desktop does not load the OS and is stuck at a black screen with the
following message:
Which of the following would be the BEST action to take next?
A. Change the motherboard.
B. Reseat the motherboard power connections.
C. Replace the CMOS battery.
D. Restore the BIOS to factory default settings.
QUESTION 120
A technician is receiving reports that the entire office sporadically loses network connectivity thrc cable
mediums would be the MOST cost effective without sacrificing system performance?
A. Coaxial
B. Shielded Cat 6
C. Plenum Cat 5e
D. Multimode fiber
QUESTION 121
A help desk technician thinks a desktop PC has failed due to a defective power supply. Which of the
following steps should the technician take NEXT?
A. Inquire about environmental or infrastructure changes.
B. Conduct external or internal research based on symptoms.
C. Establish a plan of action to resolve the problem and implement the solution.
D. Document the findings, actions, and outcomes.
QUESTION 122
A technician recently discovered the root cause of an application error that several users have been experiencing.
The technician updated the configurations on the affected machines and verified full functionality was restored for
all users. Which of the following actions should the technician perform NEXT?
A. Write a knowledge base article in the ticketing software to expedite future incidents.
B. Submit a bug report to the developer of the application, along with the steps taken to resolve the issue.
C. Work with the developer to proactively collect the application logs to identify future errors of this type.
D. Send an email communication to the company about the issue and the steps taken to resolve it.
QUESTION 123
Documents are not printing out correctly from a laser printer at a conference. Some of the print is missing, and the
pages come out unreadable. Which of the following should a technician do to fix this issue?
A. Exchange the transfer roller.
B. Recalibrate the printer.
C. Clear the jam.
D. Replace the fuser assembly.
QUESTION 124
Which of the following is the PRIMARY security concern with virtual machine escape?
A. Cross-site scripting
B. Compromising the hypervisor
C. Overutilization of resources
D. Rogue virtual machines installed on the hypervisor
QUESTION 125
Which of the following is the MAXIMUM power PoE+ provides?
A. 15.4W
B. 30W
C. 60W
D. 95W
QUESTION 126
A department sends in a ticket to report a printer is not working. The responding technician sees paper stuck to
the fuser, which is much hotter than normal. The fuser was just installed a few weeks ago, as indicated by the
service history. Which of the following should the technician do NEXT?
A. Disable the printer for repairs.
B. Install a printer roller kit.
C. Remove the paper and let the fuser cool down.
D. Replace the paper with thicker paper stock.
QUESTION 127
A technician is configuring a new CAD workstation that has four large hard drives. The workstation will be used to
edit large, critical files, so the storage configuration should be both fast and redundant. Which of the following
RAID levels BEST meets these requirements?
A. 0
B. 1
C. 5
D. 10
QUESTION 128
An end user contacted a technician about a laser printer that was no longer printing images on the left side of the
page. The technician replaced the toner cartridge, but the issue has persisted. Which of the following should the
technician perform NEXT?
A. Replace the imaging drum
B. Realign the pickup rollers.
C. Clean the duplexing assembly.
D. Calibrate the printer
QUESTION 129
Which of the following is a method that can be used to securely connect a remote user's laptop to a corporate
server?
A. WAN
B. VPN
C. SSL
D. DHCP
QUESTION 130
A technician is setting up a projector for a videoconferencing system. When the user attempts to connect a laptop
to the system, the system displays the following error message: no source found
The user tries multiple cables and inputs on the projector. Which of the following should the user try NEXT?
A. Check the bulb on the projector and replace it with a new one.
B. Check the display settings on the computer and set them to extend/duplicate.
C. Replace the projector with another known-good one and try again.
D. Replace the video card on the machine that is plugged in to the projector, as it has gone bad.
QUESTION 131
A user on the marketing team uses various multimedia applications that consume a lot of memory. The user
needs to install more RAM to run these applications effectively. When the user opens the computer case, the user
sees four slots in two sets of colors. Which of the following memory types is MOST likely required?
A. Dual-channel
B. Triple-channel
C. Single-channel
D. Quad-channel
E. Error correction code RAM
QUESTION 132
A technician is tasked with upgrading a laptop's RAM. Which of the following steps should the technician take
FIRST?
A. Confirm that both the current and new memory are from the same brand.
B. Run a diagnostic test on the current memory.
C. Verify the memory requirements of the motherboard.
D. Connect an electrostatic discharge strap.
QUESTION 133
Which of the following options provides correct information about 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless frequencies?
(Choose two.)
A. 2.4GHz has less interference. 5GHz transmits in lower speed.
B. 2.4GHz penetrates solid objects more effectively. 5GHz provides faster data connections.
C. 2.4GHz has a higher data rate. 5GHz has 23 channels.
D. 2.4GHz has 11 channels. 5GHz has no data interference.
E. 2.4GHz has a higher coverage area. 5GHz has higher bandwidth.
F. 2.4GHz has a higher bandwidth. 5GHz has lower transmit power.
QUESTION 134
Which of the following is an unsecure remote access protocol?
A. SSH
B. HTTPS
C. SFTP
D. Telnet
QUESTION 135
Which of the following are default ports for HTTP and HTTPS traffic? (Choose two.)
A. 23
B. 25
C. 80
D. 143
E. 389
F. 443
QUESTION 136
A technician is monitoring all outbound traffic in a SOHO. Which of the following is the MOST cost-effective
solution to monitor the traffic?
A. Spectrum analyzer
B. Network tap
C. Loopback plug
D. Toner probe
QUESTION 137
A technician is troubleshooting what appears to be a RAM issue on a PC. Which of the following symptoms would
indicate if this is a RAM issue?
A. POST code beeps
B. Distended capacitors
C. Continuous reboots
D. Wrong BIOS time
QUESTION 138
A user accidentally spills liquid on a laptop. The user wants the device to be fixed and would like to know how
much it will cost. Which of the following steps should the technician take NEXT to verify if the device is repairable
before committing to a price? (Choose two.)
A. Remove the case and organize the parts.
B. Document the screw locations.
C. Search the Internet for repair tutorials.
D. Consult colleagues for advice.
E. Place the device in rice for a few days.
QUESTION 139
The feature that allows users to store files in cloud-based storage when necessary, but can be removed when
space is freed up, is known as:
A. on-demand
B. resource pool
C. synchronization application
D. shared resources
QUESTION 140
Several computers are having network connectivity issues. Two of the computers are wired and are not having
any issues. The technician verifies that none of the computers having issues have been assigned a static IP.
Which of the following should the technician check NEXT?
A. Check the closest AP for the area.
B. Check each wireless adapter switch.
C. Check the group’s network switch.
D. Check the DHCP server.
QUESTION 141
A customer accidentally drops a laptop while it is charging. The next day, the customer notices the laptop willnot
turn on and calls a technician to investigate. The technician confirms the laptop will not turn on even though it is
connected to the power adapter. Which of the following components is the MOST likely cause of this behavior?
A. Power adapter
B. Battery
C. DC jack
D. Hard drive
QUESTION 142
A systems administrator is configuring a server to host several virtual machines. The administrator configuresthe
server and is ready to begin provisioning the virtual machines. Which of the following features should the
administrator utilize to complete the task?
A. Hypervisor
B. Disk management
C. Terminal services
D. Device Manager
E. Virtual LAN
QUESTION 143
A network administrator must install a device that will proactively stop outside attacks from reaching the LAN.
Which of the following devices would BEST meet the organization’s needs?
A. IPS
B. IDS
C. Proxy server
D. Authentication server
QUESTION 144
Which of the following devices can be used to connect multiple devices within a network without broadcasting to
every network port?
A. Unmanaged switch
B. Hub
C. Firewall
D. Cable modem
QUESTION 145
A technician is setting up a Windows mobile device for a user who had trouble reading text on a previous device,
especially at night. Which of the following adjustments would be MOST appropriate?
A. Use the magnifier.
B. Increase the resolution.
C. Use haptic feedback.
D. Utilize text-to-speech.
QUESTION 146
A technician is setting up a VM for use in testing software deployments. The VM is offline, but the hypervisor is
not. Which of the following settings should the technician change to resolve this issue?
A. Virtual security
B. Virtual storage
C. Virtual CPU
D. Virtual switch
E. Virtual RAM
QUESTION 147
A technician upgraded the memory on a server from two 8GB sticks to eight 32GB sticks. The server memory is
now at full capacity per the user guide. When the technician powers on the system, only 128GB of memory is
recognized by the OS and the BIOS. The technician decides to upgrade to the latest version of the firmware on
the system, which does not help. Next, the technician installs the memory in sets of 64GB at a time. Each
individual set of 64GB is fully recognized by the server.
Which of the following will not allow the server to recognize all of the memory installed at the same time?
A. The power supply is not supplying enough power for the memory.
B. The memory has too many ECC errors and is shutting down
C. The server is overheating when all of the memory is installed.
D. The server needs DDR4 memory, and DDR3 is installed.
QUESTION 148
Which of the following features will save the battery life of a laptop significantly if they are disabled? (Choose two.)
A. Touchpad
B. Volume
C. Screen orientation
D. Cellular
E. Bluetooth
F. Fingerprint reader
QUESTION 149
Which of the following technologies can be used for wireless payments?
A. NFC
B. Bluetooth
C. IR
D. LTE
QUESTION 150
A technician is ordering a new motherboard and processors for a company email server. When reviewing the
vendor licensing agreement, the technician sees that there is a flat per-socket licensing fee. Which of the following
motherboard/processor combinations should the technician order to get the BEST performance while minimizing
licensing fees?
A. A dual-processor motherboard with six hyperthreaded cores each.
B. A single-processor motherboard with eight hyperthreaded cores.
C. A dual-processor motherboard with eight overclocked cores each.
D. A single-processor motherboard with ten overclocked cores.
QUESTION 151
A printer stops working in the billing department and cannot be repaired. A new printer has been ordered and a
technician is tasked with allowing other users to print to the billing manager’s printer until the new printer arrives.
The manager’s printer is currently used via USB connection, and there are no network jacks available for use.
Which of the following is the BEST way for the technician to allow access to the printer?
A. Create a share on the manager’s computer and give the users rights to the share.
B. Install the printer on the users’ desktops and point it to the IP address of the manager’s computer.
C. Purchase a wireless printer so the users can access the printer via the network.
D. Provide flash drives to the users so they can transfer data to the manager’s computer for printing.
QUESTION 152
A technician needs to routinely run scripting commands in Linux but does not want to walk over to the server room
every time to perform the task. The technician also travels between buildings and has a Windows 10 laptop with
4GB of memory and a fully partitioned 500GB hard drive. Which of the following steps should the technician take
to resolve this issue? (Choose two.)
A. Increase the memory to 8GB.
B. Install a Linux guest VM.
C. Add another 500GB hard drive.
D. Create a Linux LiveBoot CD.
E. Repartition the hard drive.
F. Install Linux on a new ext3 partition.
QUESTION 153
A technician has been informed that multiple users are receiving duplicate IP address warnings on their
workstations, and they are unable to browse the Internet. Which of the following server types should the
technician log in to in order to resolve the problem?
A. DNS server
B. DHCP server.
C. Proxy server
D. RADIUS server
QUESTION 154
Which of the following devices is used to implement network security policies for an environment?
A. Firewall
B. Managed switch
C. Repeater
D. Gateway
QUESTION 155
A technician replaced a broken LED screen on a mobile computer. The operating system can be seen perfectly
on screen, but the touch screen is non-responsive. Which of the following are the MOST probable root causes for
the given failure? (Choose three.)
A. The hardware replacement used is a non-touch-screen version.
B. The touch screen must be calibrated after a replacement.
C. The digitizer cable is not seated properly on the motherboard.
D. The new touch-screen drivers must be installed.
E. The replacement part is dead-on-arrival.
F. The LCD panel firmware must be updated.
G. The grounding screws are not securely attached.
QUESTION 156
In a virtual environment, which of the following allows all the VMs to have RAM allocated for use?
A. Resource pooling
B. Measured service
C. Virtual application streaming
D. Synchronization
QUESTION 157
An analyst asks a technician to recommend a solution for a customer in the software development industry, where
the customer can test a variety of OSs running the various applications that the customer produces. The customer
wants to minimize the investment in hardware. Which of the following solutions should the technician recommend
to BEST meet the customer’s requirement?
A. Purchase a number of low-cost devices, installing the required OSs and applications on each one. Use
separate machines for each testing environment.
B. Purchase a high-end system meeting the hardware requirements for all of the individual OSs and
applications. Configure a VM for each testing environment.
C. Purchase one computer and create images for each computer configuration and OS. Re-image the
machine for each testing environment.
D. Purchase a number of computers, installing a VM on each one. Configure each VM with an OS for the
testing environment.
QUESTION 158
A user is experiencing email problems and explains to a technician that all emails with graphics or images do not
display the graphics. Which of the following configurations would correct this behavior?
A. Change the email settings in antivirus.
B. Change the security settings of the email client.
C. Change the firewall security settings.
D. Change the email proxy settings.
E. Change the trusted sites in the browser settings.
QUESTION 159
Which of the following resources is the MOST critical when using cloud file-storage synchronization applications?
A. Disk speed
B. I/O bandwidth
C. RAM utilization
D. CPU utilization
QUESTION 160
Whenever a user’s machine is turned on, a black screen appears prompting the user for an administrative
password. The technician has no such password on file for this machine. Which of the following steps should the
technician take to resolve this issue?
A. Press and hold the CPU power button for five seconds, and then power back on.
B. Disconnect and reconnect the internal hard drive.
C. Remove the CMOS battery and reinsert it after ten seconds.
D. Remove the motherboard and place it back into the machine after ten minutes.
QUESTION 161
A server administrator set up a VM to be used in a lab setting. A technician is setting up thin-client computers to
access this VM. Which of the following tasks are required to complete the project? (Choose three.)
A. Connect the device to a printer.
B. Install the operating system.
C. Install a USB keyboard and mouse.
D. Connect the device to the network.
E. Install the latest system updates.
F. Install the latest device drivers.
G. Connect the device to a monitor.
H. Install the necessary applications.
QUESTION 162
A user sets up a cable modem at home and connects the modem to the ISP at the cable company. Which of the
following network types does this connection describe?
A. WAN
B. LAN
C. PAN
D. MAN
QUESTION 163
A technician is replacing an older video card with a new high-end video card in a workstation. The installation was
successful, the new card seated properly, and power is connected. However, upon booting, the computer now
emits several beeps and will not boot, but shows no error messages. Which of the following is MOST likely the
cause of this issue?
A. The BIOS is out-of-date
B. The is not enough PSU output
C. There is an onboard RAM mismatch
D. GPU is overlocked
E. The firmware is out-of-date